Docs: Column resize and reorder (#458)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/gantt/gantt-tree/columns/resize.md

---
title: Resize
page_title: TreeList - Resize Columns

> description: Drag to resize columns in the treelist for Blazor.

Reviewer: wrong component name in title and description

Reviewer: I do not need to see this again for second approval

Author: Done, thank you for the feedback

slug: gantt-columns-resize
tags: telerik,blazor,gantt,column,resize,drag
published: True
position: 3
---

# Resize Columns

> The Gantt Tree lets the user resize its columns by dragging the borders between their headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Gantt Tree lets the user resize columns by dragging the borders between their headers.
```

> To enable the column resizing, set the `Resizable` parameter of the `GanttColumn` to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable column resizing, set the `Resizable` parameter of the `GanttColumn` to `true`.
```

> To prevent the user from resizing a certain column, set its own parameter `Resizable="false"`. Note that the user can still resize other columns around it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable resizing of a certain column, set its own parameter `Resizable="false"`. Note that the user can still resize other columns around it.
```

> When column resizing is enabled, a double click on the resize handle between the header cells will automatically fit the column width to the content of the header and data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When column resizing is enabled, a double click on the resize handle between two header cells will automatically fit the column width to the content of the header and data.
```
